---
title: "Daily Log 2 June 2024"
subtitle: "Just a log of what I planned to do and what got done"
date: "2024-6-2"
---

## Schedule



## New Things Learned

### Figures of Speech

- Literary Device which presents the idea without directly referencing to it.
- Comparisons and Draws Parallel, No Literal interpretation, Rhetorical effect.

#### Simile

- Compare between 2 completely untrelated things or idea.
- Usage `like` or `as`.

Ex: `I wandered lonely as a cloud.` - William Wordsworth

#### Metaphor

- Type of comparision, used in-place of something else to suggest likeness or analogy between them.

Ex: `This is the icing on the cake.`

#### Personification

- Gives human attributes or emotions to things.
- Deeper Connection, Poetic Expression.

Ex: `The stars winked at us from the distant black sky.`

#### Paradox

- Paradox is a situation or statement that is true but sounds impossible or conflicting.
- 2 contrasting facts, thought-provoking.

Ex: `It must be cruel to be kind`

#### Oxymoron

- Two words put together of opposite meaning.
- Oxymoron combines contradictory words, while paradox combines contradictory ideas.

Ex: `It was a bitter-sweet experience.`

#### Antithesis

- Two Components in opposition at the same.
- Follows a parallel structure.

Ex: `No Pain, No Gain`

#### Alliteration

- First sound of two adjacent words are repeated.

Ex: `TikTok`

- Assonance : Same vowel sounds.
- Consonance : Same Consonant sound.
- Sibilance : /s/ or /sh/ sound is repeated.

#### Irony

- Any event that turns out exact opposite way than what was expected.

Ex: `My Sister gets really scared at the sight of blood. She is a nurse.`

#### Pun

- Using words with multiple meanings.

Ex: `Can Febuary March? No, but April May.`

#### Juxtaposition

- Produce a contrasting effect.
- Both antithesis and oxymoron fall under juxtaposition.

Ex: `All is fair in love and war.`

#### Synecdoche

- Part can we used to refer to whole.

Ex: `How did the accident happen? He fell asleep on the wheels.`

#### Anaphora

- Repetition, Campaign slogan and poems.

Ex: `Stay Home, Stay Safe.`

#### Metonomy

- Use name of something else to refer to something else.

Ex: `The Kiwi's played well in today's match.`

#### Litotes

- Use negative words to say something positive.

Ex: `Did you make this dish? Not bad.`

#### Hyperbole

- Emphesize by Exagration.

Ex: `It's raining cats and dogs.`

#### Euphemism

- Used to talk about uncomfortable things.

Ex: `passed away` instead of `dead`.


## Final



## References
